Feedback on the chapter on dependent_type_theory.md (#12)
leanprover/theorem_proving_in_lean4: structures_and_records.md

In general, whenever we define a structure ``S``, we usually
define *projection* functions that allow us to "destruct" each
instance of ``S`` and retrieve the values that are stored in its

> fields. The functions ``prod.1`` and ``prod.2``, which return the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fields. The functions ``Prod.fst`` and ``Prod.snd``, which return the
```
These are the actual projection names

Reviewer 2: @lovettchris functional programmers (and mathematicians) tend to like one-liners (i.e., ,<80 chars) and short abbreviations make righting them easier. Hence all the single character abbreviations where long words would probably be more intelligible. 

In the particular case of `fst` and `snd`, there is also the nice fact that they are the same length, which makes for a more aesthetically pleasing result when aligning code across lines .They are also the abbreviations Haskell uses for the same concept: see [`fst`](https://hoogle.haskell.org/?hoogle=fst) and [`snd`](https://hoogle.haskell.org/?hoogle=snd) on Hoogle.

Author: ok thanks.

Author: fixed
